•	How can I ensure that my code, program, or software is functional and secure?
I can ensure that my code program or software is functional by running a debug and looking for errors along the way as I'm coding also for security measures I do have to think about how would I try to exploit pieces of my program where software to get in what type of things would I use which means I have to build encryption into my code or run it through a third party software to scramble it while it's still usable at the same time. The big thing for security on my end would actually be testing for vulnerabilities by running the app and trying to break it.

•	How do I interpret user needs and incorporate them into a program?
•	During the building of the one test case and application called appointment services I actually put myself in place of the user and thought how would I use this software what things would I like as a user to have what things are kind of extra would be messy and I coded around that idea we may not know as coders and developers what a end user will want but we can make an educated guess based on the outline given to us of what they're trying to accomplish with this program and that's how we meet their needs into the program along with maybe some incorporate extra little tidbits that they didn't say right out but you can see in the outline that's what they're heading towards.
•	
•	How do I approach designing software?
I had to sit back and ask myself several questions about approaching designing software two of the top questions that I asked myself. Where one what am I trying to accomplish and two how am I going to make this easier. By answering these questions I can better design and improve my designing of software with the guidance of the customer to achieve a goal maybe optimize efficiency of what they already have without overstepping my bounds as a developer. I have found in some cases that I get lost in coding and designing and there's so many different ways to go about it the customer or end user really provide support to us as a software developer and helps us design a better software with better experiences by setting restrictions on us in rules even though these can say difficult at times it ultimately helps us achieve a better running and designed software.
